Theory - 
●	What is Emmet? 
●	Difference between a Library and Framework? 	 
●	What is CDN? Why do we use it? 	 
●	Why is React known as React? 	 
●	What is crossorigin in script tag? 
●	What is diference between React and ReactDOM 
●	What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN? 
●	What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video ;) 


-> Emmet : Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor. It allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code. By using Emmet, 
        developers type less, they save both on keystrokes and time  


->  Difference between a Library and Framework? 
 
Framework

a framework is a software that provides the blueprint of the application we are building or describes the 
flow of the code inside th software we are building

for example -> Spring for java , jQuery

A framework of a particular domain for example web development is itself a web app which is
almost empty and we can add our code to get the desried app.(its just for understanding)

Library

A lbrary is like some lines of code we use to avoid redundancy .

for exapmle  ->  System.out.println("Hello World!) in java , Arrays.sort(a) in java etc.



library                                                                     Framework

-> Code to achieve DRY concept and remove redundancy                         Instance   of a an appliction of a particulat technology

->  not a software                                                           it is a software   
 
->  we call library code                                                     framework call your code

-> problem in migration                                                      makes migration easy to do

What is CDN? Why do we use it?

CDN stands for content delivery Networkis  , a group of servers spread out
over many locations. These servers store
duplicate copies of data so that servers can fulfill data requests 
based on which servers are closest to the respective end-users. 
CDNs make for fast service less affected by high traffic.

suppose you have a webiste hosted on godaddy in India  
now somone sends a request to the webise from Australia so it will take a lot of time for the request to be fulfilled because of the distance.
To avoid this we connect our device to the CDN link. CDN have servers all over thw world and it keeps copy of data of every device that
connect to it  on these servers. SO now if someone from  Australia , it does not send requset to our server in India , instead it
sends the request to  its nearest CDN servers. So the overall process takes less time as compared to earlier 

why we use it

1 -> it makes he webiste fast.
2 -> also as every request is sent to its nearest CDN servers  , so if the traffic is high it keep our website working and no slowdown

Why is React known as React? 

React is named React because of its ability to react to changes in data. When the data in  a  React  component  changes, 
React will automatically re-render the component so that it reflects the new data. This makes it easy to create performant
user  interfaces that always look up-to-date.

What is crossorigin in script tag? 
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make requests to load resources on
other servers. Here is where CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, 
iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain

What is diference between React and ReactDOM 
React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser
At the ed of the day React is some javascript code which we get through CDN links


What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN? 
The development build is used for development and is run in the developer's machine. on the other hand the production build is used for production 
and is run on the client's machine.

What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video ;) 
Async allows your script to run as soon as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page. 
Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading.
